# [CarbonBlack Integration](https://developer.carbonblack.com/reference/carbon-black-cloud/platform/latest/alerts-api/)

CarbonBlack is a cloud-based endpoint security platform that provides continuous monitoring and threat detection for endpoints. This integration allows you to ingest CarbonBlack alerts into the SOCFortress SIEM stack.

## Introduction

The CarbonBlack API follows a RESTful pattern. Requests are made via resource-oriented URLs as described in this document and API responses are formatted as JSON data and ingested into the SOCFortress SIEM stack.

## Use Cases

-   Poll for Alerts to ingest into a SIEM

## Requirements

-   Any Carbon Black Cloud product
-   Some Alert Types are only generated by specific products

# Steps

## Create a custom access level.

1. Sign in to the VMware Carbon Black Cloud UI console.
2. In the navigation menu, click **Settings > API Access**.
3. On the **API ACCESS** page, in the **Access Levels** tab, click **Add Access Level**.
4. In the dialog, configure these settings:
    - **Name** — Enter a memorable name.
    - **Description** — Enter a description for the API key.
    - **Permissions table** — In the Alerts row, select **READ** for the General information permission.
        - Note: This automatically selects **Custom** in the **Copy permissions from** list.
5. Click **Save**.

## Configure a new API key

1. In the navigation menu, click **Settings > API Access**.
2. On the **API ACCESS** page, in the **API Keys** tab, click **Add API Key**.
3. In the dialog, configure these settings:
    - **Name** — Enter a unique name for the API key. For example, "CoPilot API."
    - **Access Level type** — Select **Custom**.
    - **Custom Access Level** — Select the access level you created in **Create a custom access level**.
4. Click **Save**.
5. Copy the **API ID** and **API Secret Key** values, and then save them in a safe, encrypted location. You will provide them to CoPilot later.
6. On the **API Keys** tab, copy the **ORG Key** and **ORG ID** values, and then save them in a safe, encrypted location. You will provide them to CoPilot later.
7. In the URL of your VMware Carbon Black Cloud console, copy, and then save the hostname component of the base API URL for your environment. For example, `https://defense.conferdeploy.net`. You will provide this to CoPilot later.
    > Tip: See [Constructing your Request](https://developer.carbonblack.com/reference/carbon-black-cloud/authentication/#constructing-your-request) for more information.
